Hey Puma Beale here and I just wanted to
have a quick discussion and a card a lot
of people have seen people are starting
to play but a lot of people don't
realize quite how powerful it is yet
it's number C 39 utopia ray so it's an
exceed monster but it's a little
different you can use three level four
light monsters but you'll probably never
actually do that you can also use exceed
summon it for free from your extra deck
by using a utopia and utopia and any
materials under it become this monsters
materials now a lot of people seem to
cool players are at will my opponent
goes to utopia I might control utopia
ray that's a pretty cool play enemy
controller things like that basically if
you ever steal your opponent's utopia
you can topi right for free and they
don't get it back but there's a lot of
more interesting things in here you got
to read it second effect you can catch
an X see material monster from this card
it gains 500 attack and one monster
opponent controls loses a thousand
attack until the end phase you must have
1,000 life points or less to activate
and resolve this effect now it sounds
pretty good right you know you go up to
3,000 your opponent drops by a thousand
but a lot of people don't realize is
this the fact can be activated multiple
times per turn so basically what you can
do if you went used utopia with full
materials to go into it is he goes up to
4,000 your opponent's monster goes down
to 0 I mean unless they have more than 4
3,000 attack which isn't very often so
this card gets you a lot of cheap wins
for no reason if your opponent isn't
looking out that being said you now have
to look out reducing your opponent below
a thousand life now becomes very very
dangerous because all it takes is I mean
you could be sitting with anything with
a big mount you can sit and be less out
and all they have to do is go alright
reborn someone a for utopia utopia race
win for game if you have 4000 or less
life points it's something you're really
gonna have to look out for it it's just
really dangerous and something a lot of
people don't see coming I've won a bunch
of games that I should not have won in
the past few weeks because of utopia ray
also when you make utopia now you got to
be careful is your opponent used by
control yet do they play enemy
controller this is a card that seemed to
see a lot of play and a lot of people
just don't really know about so yeah
finding utopia ray they're cheap they're
like a buck if you get the ultra rare
version one find one throat in your
Extra Deck if you have space especially
with trishul coming out here's a good
thing to replace the slot really
powerful card something you should be
playing something that wins your games
you should normally lose so yeah take a
look at it throw in your extra deck try
it out leave comments below and thank
you bye